readme.md, before:

In this readme I am Planning to collet some facts insights and stuff about my Project.
This does not necessarily need to be conected to PINNs but also Includes Stuff Important for me as I am working and learning.

##THEOROY:
for Therory stuff I used the following profided reffources 

##STRUKTURE:
 This repository contains a sub- repository if everything is as I Imagine it using 
[torchphysics](https://github.com/boschresearch/torchphysics#readme)

##CODE/ Programming:

##LESSONS LEARNED:
###Git (for me not special to this project):
does seem trivial but you need to learn it anyway. To push use this command.
note to self: do not include Token in this command if git detects it it will be revoked
git push https://PERSONALTOKEN@github.com/FrederDoll/PyDeep.git

#Further Work / WIP 

##New Sources
All my work so far is based on provided sources as previusly mentioned it would not hurt to get some more insight trough own research 

##Get thee PDG actually used 
should not take long but I am even right now lack a great deal of understanding what am supposed to do :/

Commit message:

jea readme is no Docu but anywas i tried a littel stuff in it ok ? dont blame me

readme.md, after:

#Physics Informed Neural Networks
In this readme I am Planning to collect some facts insights and stuff about my Project.
This does not necessarily need to be connected to PINNs but also Includes Stuff Important for me as I am working and learning.

##THEORY:
for Theory stuff I used the following provided resources
[Hands on Approach Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9JaZGWekWQ&t=104s)
[Data efficent approach](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYgFRCit8Xw)
PDF send by Seyed Jamaleddin Mostafavi Yazdi
[torchphysics  GITHUB](https://github.com/boschresearch/torchphysics#readme)
##STRUCTURE:
 This repository contains a sub- repository if everything is as I Imagine it using 
[torchphysics](https://github.com/boschresearch/torchphysics#readme)

##CODE/ Programming:

##LESSONS LEARNED:
###Git (for me not special to this project):
does seem trivial but you need to learn it anyway. To push use this command.
note to self: do not include Token in this command if git detects it will be revoked
git push https://PERSONALTOKEN@github.com/FrederDoll/PyDeep.git
### PINN
According to [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYgFRCit8Xw) you can transfer a network from one Problem to the other with verry little work
It should therefore be possible to do work Once and transfer it to another Problem with littel Traing but not without Training. 

I am not able to use a RElu funktion because of its proportys concering derivations (english is lacking but I think the message is clear ) use sigmoid insted 
# Further Work / WIP 

##New Sources
All my work so far is based on provided sources as previusly mentioned it would not hurt to get some more insight trough own research 

##Get thee PDG actually used 
should not take long but I am even right now lack a great deal of understanding what am supposed to do :/ 

## Practial notes:
how much data do I need ?
how can I collet data ? 
is what I am doing worth it ?
